#Documentation for All Banners Feature


##Overview
The "All Banners" feature allows users to manage and configure banners within the application. This feature provides a user-friendly interface for creating, editing, and organizing banners that can be displayed throughout the application.

##User Interface
1. Banner Management Panel

    All Banners: When clicking on "All Banners", a panel is displayed with various elements for managing banners.

2. Banner Configuration
2.1 Title Field

    Enter Title: This text field is used to input or edit the title of the banner. The title is displayed above the banner. Example text: "This text will be displayed above the banner."

2.2 Image Upload

    Image Upload Area: Below the title field, there is an area where users can upload and manage the banner image. Users can click on the image area to upload a new image file for the banner.

2.3 URL Field

    Enter URL: This text field allows users to input or edit the URL associated with the banner. This URL will be used as the destination when users click on the banner.

2.4 Text Editing

    Edit Banner: An icon (usually a pencil) located near the URL field allows users to click and edit the banner's text. This feature enables text formatting and customization.

3. Action Buttons
3.1 Done

    Done: Button to save the changes made to the banner. Clicking this button will apply any modifications and updates.

3.2 New Banner

    New Banner: Button to create a new banner. This will open a form or panel to set up the details of a new banner.

3.3 New Group of Banners

    New Group of Banners: Button to create a new group of banners. This allows users to organize multiple banners into a group for better management and display.


4. Additional Options
4.1 Menu Options (Top Right, Three Lines Icon)

    Hide Banner: Option to hide the banner from view without deleting it.
    Hide Title in the App: Option to hide the title of the banner within the application interface.
    Edit Image: Option to edit the currently uploaded image for the banner.
    Delete Banner: Option to permanently delete the banner from the system.

Usage Instructions
5. Creating a New Banner

    Click the New Banner button.
    Enter the title of the banner in the Enter Title field.
    Upload the banner image by clicking on the Image Upload Area.
    Input the desired URL in the Enter URL field.
    Use the Edit Banner icon to format or modify the text as needed.
    Click the Done button to save the new banner.

6. Creating a New Group of Banners

    Click the New Group of Banners button.
    Follow the prompts to set up the new group, which may include naming the group and adding banners to it.

7. Editing an Existing Banner

    Select the banner you wish to edit.
    Modify the title, image, URL, and text as needed.
    Click the Done button to apply changes.

8. Managing Banner Options

    Click the three-line icon (menu) at the top right of the banner panel.
    Choose from the following options:
        Hide Banner: Hide the banner from view.
        Hide Title in the App: Hide the banner title.
        Edit Image: Edit the current banner image.
        Delete Banner: Delete the banner permanently.